csc133-object-oriented-computer-graphics-programming/README.md, before:

# CSC133 Obj-Oriented Cmptr Graph - SECTION 03 - Fall 2022

1. [CSC-133 Section 03 :: Fall 2022 :: On-Campus](welcome_to_csc133_obj_oriented_cmptr_graph.pdf)
2. [CSC-133 :: Course Syllabus](admin_csc133_course_syllabus.pdf)
3. [ADMIN :: My Approach to Assessment](admin_my_approach_to_assessment.pdf)

## Academic Week 01/02 - Calendar Week 35/36 (08/29 - 09-10)

[Week 01/02](week-01-02/README.md)

## Academic Week 03 - Calendar Week 37 (09/11 - 09/16)

## Academic Week 04 - Calendar Week 38 (09/19 - 09/23)

## Academic Week 05 - Calendar Week 39 (09/26 - 09/30)

## Academic Week 06 - Calendar Week 40 (10/03 - 10/07)

## Academic Week 07 - Calendar Week 41 (10/10 - 10/14)

## Academic Week 08 - Calendar Week 42 (10/17 - 10/21)

## Academic Week 09 - Calendar Week 43 (10/24 - 10/28)

## Academic Week 10 - Calendar Week 44 (10/31 - 11/04)

## Academic Week 11 - Calendar Week 45 (11/07 - 11/11)

## Academic Week 12 - Calendar Week 46 (11/14 - 11/18)

## Academic Week 13 - Calendar Week 47 (11/21 - 11/25)

## Academic Week 14 - Calendar Week 48 (11/27 - 12/02)

## Academic Week 15 - Calendar Week 49 (12/05 - 12/09)

Commit message:

Added setup notes for mac and VS code dev

csc133-object-oriented-computer-graphics-programming/README.md, after:

# CSC133 Obj-Oriented Cmptr Graph - SECTION 03 - Fall 2022

1. [CSC-133 Section 03 :: Fall 2022 :: On-Campus](welcome_to_csc133_obj_oriented_cmptr_graph.pdf)
2. [CSC-133 :: Course Syllabus](admin_csc133_course_syllabus.pdf)
3. [ADMIN :: My Approach to Assessment](admin_my_approach_to_assessment.pdf)

## Setup

### On M1 Mac

1. Install [Azul JavaFX .dmg](https://www.azul.com/downloads/?version=java-18-sts&os=macos&architecture=arm-64-bit&package=jdk-fx)
2. Install [Jet Brains IntelliJ IDEA .dmg (Apple Silicon)](https://www.jetbrains.com/idea/download/#section=mac)

## VSCode

1. Enable VIM
2. Install extension [Extension Pack for Java](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=vscjava.vscode-java-pack)
   1. Should include: "Debugger for Java", "Maven for Java", "Project Manageer for Java", "Test Runner for Java"

## Academic Week 01/02 - Calendar Week 35/36 (08/29 - 09-10)

[Week 01/02](week-01-02/README.md)

## Academic Week 03 - Calendar Week 37 (09/11 - 09/16)

## Academic Week 04 - Calendar Week 38 (09/19 - 09/23)

## Academic Week 05 - Calendar Week 39 (09/26 - 09/30)

## Academic Week 06 - Calendar Week 40 (10/03 - 10/07)

## Academic Week 07 - Calendar Week 41 (10/10 - 10/14)

## Academic Week 08 - Calendar Week 42 (10/17 - 10/21)

## Academic Week 09 - Calendar Week 43 (10/24 - 10/28)

## Academic Week 10 - Calendar Week 44 (10/31 - 11/04)

## Academic Week 11 - Calendar Week 45 (11/07 - 11/11)

## Academic Week 12 - Calendar Week 46 (11/14 - 11/18)

## Academic Week 13 - Calendar Week 47 (11/21 - 11/25)

## Academic Week 14 - Calendar Week 48 (11/27 - 12/02)

## Academic Week 15 - Calendar Week 49 (12/05 - 12/09)
