# First Day of Classes 06/02 5:30PM -- Please read this announcement

- [First Day of Classes 06/02 5:30PM -- Please read this announcement](#first-day-of-classes-0602-530pm----please-read-this-announcement)
  - [OBJECTIVE OF THE COURSE](#objective-of-the-course)
  - [BOTH SECTIONS HAVE FLEXIBILITY](#both-sections-have-flexibility)
  - [FIRST DAY OF CLASSES](#first-day-of-classes)
  - [VIDEO RECORDINGS ARE AVAILABLE ON CANVAS UNDER MODULES SECTION OF COURSE](#video-recordings-are-available-on-canvas-under-modules-section-of-course)
    - [CLASS VIDEO RECORDINGS](#class-video-recordings)
  - [TEXT BOOK IS LISTED AND AVAILABLE ELECTRONICALLY](#text-book-is-listed-and-available-electronically)
  - [CLASS MATERIALS](#class-materials)
  - [ATLASSIAN/JIRA PRODUCT for Chapter 15](#atlassianjira-product-for-chapter-15)
  - [TEAMS and TEAM Project](#teams-and-team-project)
  - [FIRST TEAM PROJECT DUE SOON](#first-team-project-due-soon)
  - [CASE STUDY ASSIGNMENT](#case-study-assignment)
  - [QUIZZES, MID-TERM And FINAL EXAM](#quizzes-mid-term-and-final-exam)
  - [DISCUSSION GROUPS](#discussion-groups)
  - [OFFICE HOURS](#office-hours)

Dear students,

Welcome to the CSC 170 class on Software Requirements and Specifications!
I have combined both sections Section 01 and Section 02 under one on Canvas and
it may perhaps appear as Section 01 to all students. The purpose is to have a
common place for announcements, material, and past class recordings and assignments.

## OBJECTIVE OF THE COURSE

Although the name of the class seems it is about requirements,
this class is much more than that, it is the study of the analysis that happens
prior to gathering requirements! Hence this is also a management and leadership
course and this course can very well help you get into a leadership role very
quickly since you will have to put yourself in the shoes of many roles such as
all stakeholders including the users, invested people, CIO, CEO and many other
roles in order to learn how to do a meaningful analysis that benefits your
organization and the end users.

## BOTH SECTIONS HAVE FLEXIBILITY

Note that Section 01 was designated as synchronous (a hybrid mode) Monday and Wednesday
5:30pm-9pm and Section 02 is designated as asynchronous, however the class structure
will be a lot the same.

I will do my best to treat both sections similarly - Students of Section 02 have
the opportunity to attend classes on Monday and Wednesday and Students of Section 01
can watch the recorded videos! There are no restrictions!

## FIRST DAY OF CLASSES

Our first day of classes will be on Wednesday 5:30pm. No Class on Monday, June 7
as I have an important personal prior engagement for my daughter's graduation.
Please participate in your groups and practice JIRA exercises on June 7 and please
watch the recorded videos.

## VIDEO RECORDINGS ARE AVAILABLE ON CANVAS UNDER MODULES SECTION OF COURSE

`I have included all video recordings of previous semester for this course under Modules on the left panel of course menu options`.

I will conduct classes on Monday and Wednesday 5:30pm-9pm time frame. We will start
class every Monday and Wednesday sharp at 5:30pm. However, I would prefer that you
watch the videos before you come to class. Students from Section 02 are always welcome
to attend the live classes. My intention is mainly to provide direction and guidance
on the course during the live sessions and to take questions during this class time
frame and help students individually or as a group whenever needed and engage interested
students in group discussions.

### CLASS VIDEO RECORDINGS

CLASS VIDEO RECORDINGS PER 16 WEEK SCHEDULE
(every two to three weeks in 16 week full semester mode is one week in Summer fast pace mode)

## TEXT BOOK IS LISTED AND AVAILABLE ELECTRONICALLY

The Text Book is listed on top of the Modules section with more details on how to
access the text book. This electronic version has been available free to students of CSUS.
You can also go to the link by clicking here (however, please enter your CSUS email
address if CSU is not listed in the list of universities, after you click on the link):

[Beyond Requirements: Analysis with an Agile Mindset Book by Kent J McDonald](https://www.oreilly.com/library/view/beyond-requirements-analysis/9780133039863/?ar)

## CLASS MATERIALS

For Class Material please go to `Files`**--->**`Class Slides`. You will find all the
PowerPoint slides here for Part I and Part III of the text book.
They are numbered by Chapters in the Text Book.

The Text Book is divided into three Parts. Part I is Theory. All the quizzes are
based on Theory except the last Quiz which is based on Part III.

Part II are case studies of real-life projects.

Part III contains chapters 11-15 of the `Techniques` you will use for your team project
to apply proper analysis techniques for the project you will be doing. Although there are
slides on chapters 11-15 also, under `Files` **--->** `Class Slides` **--->** `Techniques`,
I expect you to learn these from the text book as well as much as you can from
these chapters on `Techniques`.

## ATLASSIAN/JIRA PRODUCT for Chapter 15

The last chapter, chapter 15, has techniques which Atlassian/JIRA software product provides.
There is an assignment which will help you get started on JIRA.

## TEAMS and TEAM Project

If you go to People menu option and open Project Groups on top, you will see
several pre-created group names. Please quickly form teams of two to six members
and add yourself to a group. The more students the better in a team since you can
collaborate and distribute your work. However, all members of a team are expected
to be aware of and knowledgeable of everyone's work area, technique used, and contribution.
Once you form your team please self-add yourself to one of the groups.

If any team chooses to add more than six members, please consult me so that I can
increase the maximum capacity for your team. You may not exceed a team of 8 members.
Six members is an ideal number from my experience. Please make sure you have your
groups ready by June 7th. Any student who is left without a team after June 7th,
will have to work alone (working alone is not advisable) or if is looking for a team,
I will add the student to any team as happens in a typical large organization with multiple priorities.
You are permitted to add students in your team from a different section,
however all team members should be willing to prepare their team presentation
together and present in-person together or record the presentation together.

## FIRST TEAM PROJECT DUE SOON

There are multiple assignments under the Project Category Type of assignments,
starting with the "CREATE YOUR Project Concept". The Project Concept assignment
is to make each team prepare the Project idea, a concept they will work on for
the rest of this course. Without the concept you will not know how to proceed further.
The first team project is due very soon, hence teams will have to be formed expeditiously.
There is no need to build software in this course, only exhaustive and comprehensive
analysis is required to enable producing high quality and value oriented requirements.

## CASE STUDY ASSIGNMENT

Student teams will select one case study from Part II of the Text Book and provide
their understanding and summary of the case study as soon as they complete their
Project Concept assignment. Please choose a Case Study which closely resembles the
project concept that your team will be working on.

## QUIZZES, MID-TERM And FINAL EXAM

The Mid-Term and Final Exam time, modality and duration will be decided by the instructor
and conveyed to the students at a later time. All Quizzes can be started as soon as they are available.
Usually there is about a week time for each quiz. Students can get started on the quiz,
answer part of the questions and leave the quiz and return back anytime before the due date
and continue to work on the quiz. Canvas will save your answers each time.

If you do not hit the submit button, you can return and complete the rest of the quiz.
**Quiz-6 is special**. Quiz-6 can be started early and it is not due until June 21st,
however the sooner you complete the better it is for you since you will be using
these concepts in your team project.

## DISCUSSION GROUPS

I trust all of you actively participate in the course, be part of discussion groups
and interact regularly on Canvas or Discord and be successful in this valuable course.

## OFFICE HOURS

Students are welcome to approach me with a request for a personal or team appointment
any day outside class times after 5:30PM by sending me a prior email request
(please include Class CSC170 and section number in the subject) at <jagannadha.chidella@csus.edu>.
Please feel free to text me on my phone if you need to talk to me quickly at anytime.

Looking forward to seeing you all on Wednesday June 2nd at 5:30pm!

Best wishes and cheers,

Jagan

Dr Jagan Chidella

<jagannadha.chidella@csus.edu>
